check out this week's must English it's
just me a friendly neighborhood
spider-man Peter Parker has to balance
his superhero alter ego with normal high
school life in the spider-man homecoming
they work in secret and under constant
threats they are real journalistic
heroes
the untold story of a group of
journalists fighting against Isis in the
documentary Sidious go horns Casey
Affleck stars in a ghost story a surreal
indie drama about a recently deceased
man whose spirit watches over his
breathing life we do we kill your door
see what's hot in theaters with this
week's anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]